{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl240\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 Keep it alive:\par
\par
2. Post-apocalyptic game where you have to build a small settlement. Go out and gather materials to build up your camp. Deal with events that happen during expeditions. Find new people to send out. A prequel to the ancient technology game?\par
Recruits that have various stats and equipment, they have a chance of facing challenges which they can fail, succeed, or succeed at a cost with. Stats 0 to +3, roll 1d6 + stat, if > 4 total success, if > 2 success at a cost, otherwise failure. Every season you can send people out to explore. They run into events and resolve them based on their stats. There are also settlement events you have to deal with. End goal is to grow your settlement enough.\par
Food, shelter, and safety are the primary concerns.\par
People also act in other ways, you need someone to provide food, you need someone to help create and maintain shelters, and you need protection from various threats.\par
\par
7. Puzzle game. Pieces coming down from the top. You can suck them in, shoot them out, and consume them. Making a group of three or more creates a match and gives you Potential. There's a meter off to the side counting down. When it reaches zero you have to have enough Potential otherwise you lose. If the pieces reach the bottom you lose. Consuming a piece reduces the amount of time left.\par
You're playing as a heart, and you have to beat. If you don't beat the person you're in dies. Score is based on how many times you beat.\par
\par
10. You're driving an old mech. Along the way you have to find pieces to repair it and keep it alive. Use overdrive mechanic. Can find replacement equipment along the way.\par
Leg, arms, torso, sensors, and miscellaneous slots. Each has a certain amount of integrity. If they have no integrity they act at 3/4 strength. If they do have integrity you can overdrive them to get a bonus, but at a chance of damaging them. Enemy attacks can also damage them. Can replace them with stuff you find along the way. That could be the leveling up/tutorialization, you start out with a mech that is has no pieces with integrity and you find pieces to build it back up. By the end of the game you have everything working.\par
You have survived a massive battle and need to get back to base. But you're also trapped in enemy territory. You have to fight off enemy mechs, along with horrible genetically altered beasts to get back home. Have three different pieces for each slot, damaged and undamaged. 15 pieces total. 30 pieces of art needed.\par
Chests are damaged mechs, mech enemies can also drop equipment. Biological enemies just act as threats. There are very few mechs around.\par
Arms - Rifle (+aim), Chain Guns (extra attack), Rocket Launchers (+damage)\par
Legs - Biped (+dodge), Tank Treads (+armor), Spider (+hit)\par
Torsos - Heavy (+armor), Medium (+damage), Light (+dodge)\par
Sensors - Yes or no (+aim)\par
Misc - Missile Pod (+heavy attack), Smoke (+auto run), Jump Jets (auto dodge next 2 attacks)\par
All bonuses last three rounds after use.\par
Misc equipment only does something when it's overdriven. Otherwise it provides no benefit.\par
\par
Make it an arena based rogue-like thing, like Halls of Ozmot. Have a small arena with various obstacles and you have to defeat all enemies. As you progress enemies become stronger. After each round you can choose what pieces of your mech to repair. Still use the overdrive system but don't have custom pieces. Cuts down on art greatly. Use a hex map. In a cave, that way we only have to do one z-level. Not in a cave, in a large forest, and you're smaller then the trees. Mechs are about 10 feet tall instead of titans. More like an oversized body suit.\par
Parts:\par
Left arm - Ranged weapon. Misses more than melee.\par
  Overdrive: Increased accuracy and damage attack.\par
  Damaged: Can't shoot at all.\par
\par
Right arm - Melee weapon. Almost always hits and decent damage.\par
  Overdrive: AOE attack.\par
  Damaged: Decreased chance to hit and damage.\par
\par
Torso - Main base of the body.\par
  Overdrive: Shield that protects from attacks for 3 rounds.\par
  Damaged: Increased damage to all other parts.\par
\par
Legs - Mobility\par
  Overdrive: Able to make two moves directly after this.\par
  Damaged: Increased chance of being hit.\par
\par
Sensors - \par
  Overdrive: Increased chance to hit for the next 3 rounds.\par
  Damaged: Cut chance to hit in half. Can't activate look command.\par
\par
Others?\par
Battery - \par
Smoke Screen - \par
Grenades - \par
\par
\par
Map Assets\par
Ground\par
Tree Trunk\par
Small Tree (Destructible)\par
Very Large Tree\par
Water (Can see over but can't move over)\par
Smoke\par
\par
Entire map on a single screen. Everything visible from the start. But block LOS with trees.\par
\par
Hex or square grid? Lets go with square since it fits into the screen easier.\par
\par
You die when all your pieces reach 0 health.\par
\par
Map generation. Divide the level into a 3x3 grid. There's a 50% chance there's a lake. The other grid spots are filled with 1-2 large trees, and 2-5 small trees. Enemies are then chosen and randomly distributed around the map except in the center of the grid. The center is where the player spawns.\par
\par
Enemies:\par
Basic Melee - Does a small amount of melee damage.\par
Strong Melee - Does a large amount of melee damage.\par
Armored Melee - Lots of armor, weak to overdriven ranged shot.\par
Ranged - Spits every few rounds.\par
Explosive - Explodes when it dies, damaging everything around it.\par
Shrieker - Stationary, lets out an alert a few rounds after seeing the player. Draws in nearest N enemies.\par
\par
Enemies have very little armor.\par
\par
For the resolution roll N 6 sided dice, every \par
\par
\par
Player Input States:\par
  Normal\par
    Move/Attack directions (qweasd)\par
    Overdrive a part (o)\par
    Aim shot (i)\par
    Look (l)\par
    Skip turn (.)\par
    Help (h)\par
  Overdrive selection\par
    Piece to choose (1234567890)\par
    Cancel (.)\par
  Look\par
    Move reticle (qweasd)\par
    Goto Normal (.)\par
  Aiming Shot\par
    Move reticle (qweasd)\par
    Attack (k)\par
    Cancel (.)\par
    \par
Enemy States:\par
  Idle\par
  Curious\par
  Engaged\par
Use A* to navigate map.\par
\par
\par
Use hex grid.\par
\par
\par
Player damage:\par
when they're hit a random part with health > 0 will be chosen, and it will be damaged.\par
\par
Player starts with 5 * 8 + 4, 44 health.\par
Average damage will be 1/2 pool.\par
\par
Make enemies high damage but very squishy, make player lower damage but very resilant.\par
\par
So if the player has:\par
hit = 8\par
dmg = 8\par
dodge = 8\par
armor = 4\par
\par
then the enemy should have\par
hit = 12\par
dmg = 8\par
dodge = 6\par
armor = 4\par
\par
which means about 75% of our shots should hit, and 75% of theirs should hit as well\par
\par
too much\par
\par
\par
weak\par
hit = 12\par
dmg = 8\par
dodge = 6\par
armor = 1\par
hp = 8\par
cost = 1\par
Phot\par
Large reptile. Weak but show up in groups.\par
\par
strong\par
hit = 12\par
dmg = 12\par
dodge = 6\par
armor = 1\par
hp = 8\par
cost = 2\par
Othokep\par
Very large mammal. Strong and dangerous.\par
\par
armored\par
hit = 10\par
dmg = 8\par
dodge = 6\par
armor = 10\par
hp = 8\par
cost = 2\par
special: can shield up, after that's done it does a very powerful attack, dmg = 12\par
Dhos\par
Shelled creature. Hard to kill. Hits hard.\par
\par
ranged\par
hit = 12\par
dmg = 6\par
dodge = 6\par
armor = 1\par
hp = 8\par
cost = 4\par
special: attacks every other round, shooting at the player\par
Pho-lar\par
Stays away and attacks from range.\par
\par
explosive\par
hit = 12\par
dmg = 8\par
dodge = 6\par
armor = 2\par
hp = 12\par
cost = 4\par
special: when it dies it explodes, auto hit, dmg = 12\par
Bbor\par
Explodes upon death.\par
\par
shrieker\par
hit = 0\par
dmg = 0\par
dodge = 0\par
armor = 10\par
hp = 4\par
cost = 2\par
special: when it sees the player it will occasionally shriek, drawing in other enemies, doesn't attack\par
Keki\par
Plant creature. No attacks, but it's shrieks draw in other creatures.\par
}
 